Version Notes
=============

TinyBrowser 1.42 - released 07/06/2010
--------------------------------------
New Features:
Added Turkish language file.

Changes:
Changed default behaviour around security. TinyBrowser now only allows file
browsing unless session security is enabled.
Error log file now configurable and disabled by default.

Bug Fixes:
Added token-based protection against CSFR.
Increased level of validation on request variables.
Fixed issue with Rename function.


TinyBrowser 1.41 - released 05/05/2009
--------------------------------------
New Features:
Added folder argument to tinyBrowserPopUp function, so that a sub-folder can be
selected when using TinyBrowser in standalone mode.
Added error logging - errors are output to error.log in tinybrowser directory.
Added Spanish, Croatian, Slovakian, Latvian, Czech, Italian, Hungarian, Swedish
and Russian language files (thanks to all who contributed).

Changes:
Prohibited files are no longer browseable (if the paths defined contained files
of this type).
Only defined file extensions of a file type are browseable and editable.
Changed stripos function to strpos to ensure PHP4 compatability.
Updated createfolder function to work recursively with PHP4.
Remember current folder after upload.
Changed filename clean regex to be less strict.

Bug Fixes:
Fixed transparency support for gif and png (thanks to Dirk Bohl).
Added 'no-cache' meta tag to ensure latest page is served by web browser.
Added another fix for no style issue with TinyMCE integration.
Security fix for browse type when set to non-existant value.
Security fix for malicious setting of folder get variable to relative values.

TinyBrowser 1.40 - released N/A
--------------------------------------
New Features:
Added multiple folder support with a separate Folders tab to allow folder
creation, renaming and deletion.
Added Move action to Edit tab, to allow moving of files between folders.
Added Danish language file.
Added 'delayprocess' to config file - this can be set if server response is
delayed, preventing uploaded files being processed correctly.
Added width and height config values for the TinyBrowser pop up window size.
Added 'cleanfilename' flag to config file, to remove disallowed characters
from filenames on upload (set to true by default).
  
Changes:
Added recursive flag to createfolder function, to allow TinyBrowser to 
create full upload path.
Changed default window size to 770px x 480px.
Minor code optimisation.
Prohibited files are now not browseable (if the paths defined contained files of
this type).
Now only defined file extensions of a file type are browseable and editable.
Changed stripos function call to strpos to ensure PHP4 compatability.
Updated createfolder function to work recursively with PHP4.
Remember current folder after upload.

Bug Fixes:
Fixed minor bug causing elementid to be lost after file upload in
stand-alone mode.
Fixed stand-alone javascript selectURL function bug that prevented 
TinyBrowser window close on selection. 
Fixed bug in Flash upload that prevented folder permission error reporting.
Fixed bug in image resize and rotate functions that converted all types
to jpeg.

TinyBrowser 1.33 - released 23/09/2008
--------------------------------------
New Features:
Added German, Finnish, Traditional and Simplified Chinese language files.
Added session control workaround for upload_file.php (called by Flash).

Changes:
Flash uploader has been modified to display the file type and also to fix
strange progress bar behaviour when uploading multiple files. As the
upload process is not concurrent, I have removed the individual progress
bars and replaced them with one (progress is still per file however).
When the Upload button is pressed all the buttons now disappear.

Bug Fixes:
Fixed minor bug that affected css layout after file upload.
Fixed bug introduced in 1.32 that prevented automatic image resize on
upload.
Added 'HTTP/1.1 200' response to upload_file.php script, to address
Flash bug in some Mac setups.
Added check for valid images in Browse and Edit tabs - non-image files
are still listed but error producing image properties code is bypassed.
	

TinyBrowser 1.32 - released 17/09/2008
--------------------------------------
New Features:
None.

Changes:
The upload path is now passed to the Flash upload widget, for better
compatibility with Firefox and Opera when you set your paths using session
variables (this is due to a Flash bug that loses session data).
Files are no longer uploaded to a temporary directory, so there's now no
folder creation during the upload process. Instead, file name extensions
are suffixed with an underscore until processed. (This renders them
useless until verification).
The thumbs directory has been changed to '_thumbs'.

Bug Fixes:
Fixed security hole - previously, it was possible to directly
submit files to the upload_file.php script. Due to the Flash session bug,
normal session control does not work. Instead, a hash string check has been
added to the upload_file.php script and the installation instructions
amended.
   
TinyBrowser 1.31 - released 16/09/2008
--------------------------------------
New Features:
None.

Changes:
Added prohibited files logic to the file_upload.php script (previously
located only in file_process.php script).
Changed duplicate file handling behaviour - TinyBrowser now discards
files with the same name.

Bug Fixes:
None.

TinyBrowser 1.30 - released 12/09/2008
--------------------------------------
New Features:
'Stand-alone' mode, for use without TinyMCE.
Optional and configurable pagination, to break results down into pages.
New configuration option, $_SESSION['tinybrowser']['link'], allows the passback link to
be different to the upload path.
Added automatic creation of upload directories (with definable chmod for Unix
servers).
Added alert messages for errors and actions.
Multi-lingual support - credit to Francis Rebouças 
(francisreboucas[at]gmail[dot]com) for idea, design, implementation and 
Portugese language file.
Experimental support for FCKeditor.

Changes:
Rationalised TinyBrowser file and folder names and structure (brought in line
with TinyMCE plugin specification).
Revised documentation.
After file upload user is now directed back to upload tab instead of the
browse tab.
   
Bug Fixes:
Fixed security hole - prohibited file extensions not obeyed due to error in
inherited code. 
Fixed small issue with edit / delete permissions (not consistently hiding
edit tab).

TinyBrowser 1.20 - released 20/08/2008
--------------------------------------
New Features:
Added thumbnail on hover for detail view (images only). Note: not working in
IE6.
Added Edit tab - allows file rename, resize and rotate (last two for images
only). Also moved delete action to here.
Added configurable automatic image resize on upload.

Changes:
Moved file thumbnail generation to upload process.
Changed table css to match Flash upload.
Improved thumbnail view layout.
Removed the form select elements for sort by and type, and made the table
column headers clickable.

Bug Fixes:
Changed default $tinymce['docroot'] value to
rtrim($_SERVER['DOCUMENT_ROOT'],'/') - this fixes an issue with server setups
that return a value with a '/' suffix.
Removed .htaccess file after various bug reports - doesn't appear to be
required for majority of server setups.
Fixed silly bug with thumbnail urls that could prevent generation and viewing
under some server setups.
Fixed various other minor bugs and tidied code.

TinyBrowser 1.10 
----------------
Adjusted layout of file upload.
Added facility to limit permitted file upload size (separate values for each
file type).
Amended installation instructions for clarity.
Tested as working in Opera 9.

TinyBrowser 1.00
----------------
Tested in Firefox 2 and 3, Internet Explorer 6 and 7 and Safari 3.
Requires Adobe Flash Player 9.

